Added warning about single line comments in DW code (#1446)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-language-introduction.adoc

 */
----

[WARNING]

> Some components that accept DataWeave code might cause an error in Anypoint Studio if the first line of the DataWeave script's body is a single-line comment. To avoid this, you can either use multi-line comments or move the single-line comment to a different code line after the first line of the DW script's body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some components that accept DataWeave code might cause an error in Anypoint Studio if the first line of the DataWeave script's body is a single-line comment. To avoid this issue, you can either use multi-line comments or move the single-line comment to a different code line after the first line of the DataWeave script's body.
```

Reviewer: always spell out the word "DataWeave" bc "DW" is just our internal shorthand spelling.

Reviewer 2: Are we recommending that the audience simply never begin a DataWeave script's text with a single-line comment, or are we telling them how to fix it if they get an error?

If I saw this text, I might wonder WHICH components do this, and how I might avoid the error to begin with.

Instead of a WARNING, shouldn't we make this requirement clear in whatever narrative describes creating DataWeave script text, something like "Because some components <do this>, always begin DataWeave scripts with a multiple-line comment, after which you can use single-line comments."

If you want to make this SUPER clear, you could provide syntax examples of what not to do and what to do.

Reviewer 2: Depending on the answer to the first question above, these are my recommendations:

AVOID the error altogether:
```suggestion
To avoid possible errors in Anypoint Studio, ensure that the first comment of a DataWeave script is longer than a single line. Subsequent script comments can be of any length.
```
Or, to RECOVER from the error:
```suggestion
If you receive an error in Anypoint Studio when using DataWeave scripts, ensure that the script begins with a multiple-line comment rather than a single-line comment. If it does not, either lengthen the existing single-line comment or move that comment to follow an initial multiple-line comment.
```

Reviewer 2: You don't have to use these precise wordings, but I do suggest making clear the difference between avoiding the error vs. fixing it. Seems simplest to ME to just "avoid errors by beginning scripts with a multiple-line comment."

Reviewer: The issue is that this is a workaround for a bug in Studio that will be fixed eventually. The syntax does work in some components. And this comment won't be in the docs forever, but we don't want to suggest that people shouldn't ever use single-line comment syntax in in first line of all components (it works in transform message, for ex). We're trying to provide language that will be correct even after the bug is fixed (as a safeguard in case we don't remove the language at that time because we don't have a great mechanism to know when the STudio bug is fixed).
